NAT Pool Expansion (#155)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/01-07-22-1300.md

**What is happening?**

> Currently network traffic leaving the OpenShift clusters is mapped to a single NAT IP. This will be expanded to 4 IPs used in round robin. Existing firewall rules will be updated to match the new set of IPs, which will involve both rules to allow Openshift to function as well as rules previously submitted by stakeholders for allowing access to/from Openshift cluster and other server resources within the BC Government network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently network traffic leaving the OpenShift clusters is mapped to a single NAT IP. This will be expanded to 4 IPs used in round robin. Existing firewall rules will be updated to match the new set of IPs, which will allow the existing firewall fules for **all existing connections between the Openshift clusters and other components within the BC Government network to continue functioning without any other changes required**.
```

> Currently network traffic leaving the OpenShift clusters is mapped to a single NAT IP. This will be expanded to 4 IPs used in round robin. Existing firewall rules will be updated to match the new set of IPs, which will allow the existing firewall fules for **all existing connections between the Openshift clusters and other components within the BC Government network to continue functioning without any other changes required**.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently network traffic leaving the OpenShift clusters is mapped to a single NAT IP. This will be expanded to 4 IPs used in round robin. Existing firewall rules will be updated to match the new set of IPs, which will allow the existing firewall rules for **all existing connections between the Openshift clusters and other components within the BC Government network to continue functioning without any other changes required**.
```
